1	Intersection from donwstream (west) area of Bay Ave. I woke up perhaps around 6:40-6:45 AM. The rain started around 6:50 am, at least heavy rain -- it might have started raining by 6:45 am. I woke up minutes before the rain started. I woke up. Moments later it started raining, and the intensity was increasing. So I got out to my van to move it to higher ground (the parking lot past the SW corner). It was not yet flooding, but raining very hard -- there was some "pooling" but not backed up grates yet. I got out of the van to walk back to the house. At that point, grates were ejecting water, and normal flooding patterns from rain started. For example, central from SE to SW corner covered. This is the first pic I took of that. 
	- it was not substantial at first. But it went from that to covering the intersection to level with the lawn step very fast. And the water seemed to come flooding like a river from the upstream direction of Bay (I guess that is the eastern direction -- from snug harbor and water witch direction). I wish I got video of it. It was just coming in from that direction, flowing down the street like a river, filling up the pool, covering everything fast -- as the following photos show.
2	NW corner from West side of Bay Ave near intersection ; flooding happening
3	Water is now already over the sidewalk in front of the lawnstep, reaching that within the minute this photo was shot
4	Water is already at the bottom of the lawn step 
5	Water is over the sidewalk area on central near the fire hydrant, almost up to the lawn bump
6	Looking up the sidewalk up bay ave. The upstream grate is shortly beyond the telephone post. A car is parked, water up to just under its carriage. This is taken from the lawn-step area.
7	Intersection fromt the lawn step area. It is almost completely covered. The small highest island bit in the middle is still showing. Water is coming fast.
8	Same as 7 - but the island patch in the middle of the intersection is smaller
9	Same as 7 and 8 - but the island patch is gone, intersection totally covered.
10	Same as 7/8/9 -- showing close up of intersection fully covered; Rain does not to appear as intense as in images 1-4.
11	Water is almost fully up the lawn step
12	Water is almost fully up the lawn step, different angle - perhaps that is 1 cm below it. Rain appears to be slowing by this point.
13	Image of the car and view described in 6 again. Rain appears to be slowing by this point.
14	Water is essentially level with the lawn step - same view as 11 ; rain must be quite slow by this point now (don't even see drops in the photo)
15	Pic from driveway showing how high the water is up it ; this is from near garage door
16	Driveway again taken closer to the water line
17	Looking up central to the bay^central intersection from driveway ; completely flooded ; rain slowing considerably
18	Water is level with lawn step ; same view as 11 and 14
