Can confirm visually that the tide gate is closed at snug harbor beach. Did this around 6:19 PM. Have a photo.

It is 7:28 pm, still no flooding at the bay central intersection.

7:52 pm, still no flooding

8:28 pm, still no flooding

8:37 pm, still no flooding

8:47 pm, still no flooding

9:10 pm, still no flooding

Sometime between 9:20-9:40 water spanned from SE to SW grate across central, but otherwise it is very minor. Cars can still drive the streets fine. It is not flooding on the north side - there is some water puddling above the grates, but not spread very far beyond. The rest is rain puddles that have been there all night.

9:54 pm - flooding has increased on the south side of the intersection and is now more obvious and larger at the NE and NW grates, but the water is not yet connecting from NE to NW. it is less than 1 cm below the curb in front of the lawn step. It is over the curb at the upstream grate area (the non intersection grate we track that is up bay Ave a bit in the ne direction).

Walked to snug harbor to confirm the tide gate is still closed. Water covers it, so it is hard to say, but it is almost certainly still closed. If it was open, I would almost certainly see the gate strapped up — the water was not high enough to cover all of it in the open state. I believe it has been closed since Friday to be honest. I am intrigued by what will happen if it’s closed tomorrow and rain substantially contributes to flooding. I think it makes sense to close it for tidal floods, but the opposite is true for rain floods — it absolutely needs to be open for the water to have a place to go.

10:11 pm 0.5-1 inch over curb in front of lawn step, up to the base of lawn step a little bit up it. NE and NW corners now connected by water. NW and SW corners connected by water. NE and SE not fully connected - a close miss, but bay Ave is fully crossed a bit upstream, definitely connected across bay at the upstream grate.

10:29 pm - same as 10:11 pm time point.

10:39 - like 10:29 (and 10:11) but receding. It is more like 0.5” above the curb, not 1”. The gap across bay ave from NE to NW is wider. The water is now moving in a way that suggests it is not growing, but receding.

11:12 PM - the flood is receded completely as far as I can tell from my door window, and I don't know how long its been this way. There might be some lingering bits, but not much.
